[F0.a]
    Our game satisfies this requirement as the player is able to move in four directions (up, down, left, right) by using w,a,s,d on a 2d grid where the player is always in a cell. 
    The player can see themselves on the grid as the "P" symbol.

[F0.b]
    Our game satisfies this requirement by having a pass time button that the player can press to move on to the next day. 
    The button can be identitified by the word "sleep" and increases the day  counter by 1, showing the player that they have passed the time.

[F0.c]
    Our game satisfies this requirement with our harvest function which checks if the player is standing on a cell that has a level 3 plant which means it's ready to be reaped.
    The reaped plant is added to the player's inventory.
    The player can also plant a seed using a similar function which checks if the player's cell does not contain a plant.
    The used seed in this way is removed from the player's inventory.
    
[F0.d]
    Our game satisfies this requirement because eveytime the player passes time, each cell's sunlight is randomized from 1-3 and a random water level from 03 is added to each cell's water level with a maximum of 10.
    In this way, sunlight is used evey turn and is randomzied every turn while water is accumulated each turn. 

[F0.e]
    Plants in our game follow a level 1, 2, 3, system where plants start at levl 1 and grow a level if certain comditions are met when time is passed. Plants must be level 3 in order to be harvested.

[F0.f]
    At the end of each turn, plants can grow based on their water and sunlight level, as well as neighbors. Plants need at least 2 sunlight levels, and 2 water levels, and need at least one nieghboring plant.
    When a plant grows, it looses 2 water levels and increases its level with 3 being the maximum.

[F0.g]
    Once the player has harvested 6 plants of any type and has them in their plant inventory, the game will end and automatically restart.

[F0 Reflection] 
    Not much has changed so far as we kept our scope pretty small for F0 and worked with tools we were comforatble with. We will probably not use photoshop for assets, in fact we currently don't have plans for any art in the game at all. We are open to the possibility of having unique art assets but it will have to come much later. The only think noteworthy so far is that we are being pretty liberal with our roles. if someone wants needs to be someone who works on tools, they can, or is someone wants to help with design who isn't a designer, they can. 

[F1.a]

[F1.b]

[F1.c]

[F1.d]